opposing goals for nîmes 18th and lens
2nd
the Nîmes are relegated but to a
point of maintaining they have in addition a
match of which we do not know the score the
famous caen match they do not have
play
lens on his side at seven points advanced
on the fourth place and hears well
maintain this gap is these are the
Nîmes who fit best in the
match in front of their audience with this ball
recovered by abdelhakim omrani who opens
the score in the 6th minute
here is his first goal of the season and
nimes that leads 1-0 to try to create
a great surprise
Nîmes who live in sissoko
Suspended Corrèze Ben Yahia and feeds
appeared in recent months that have not won
only one of their last four
encounters a new success at their
would do a lot of good to get out
of this red zone
lens does not hear it that way and
responds quickly with this strike
edgar salli the international
Cameroonian equalizes in the 13th minute
this is his third goal of the season
very nice shot for the striker on loan
by the ace monaco and nîmes will therefore have to
go back to the attacked what the gardois
do not fail to always do in the
first fifteen minutes of the match very
prolific nimes resumes the advantage
thanks to anthony koura a minute after
the equalization lensoise nimes leads from
again it makes him a third goal
of the season for current
a match with a lot of reversals
situation an extremely
disputed we notice that at the beginning of
this action there was a nenad
kovasevic former racing club player
of lens the blood and gold that goes back to
their turn to the attacked with the ball on
the crossbar second strike
huge opportunity country
no success while cyrill
merville was defeated antoine kombouaré
know that his team can come back and
urges him to once again
top speed and yoann touzghar
in the penalty area
a small quilted balloon at an angle
beautiful 32nd minute it's 2 everywhere
10th goal of the season for all guys and
four goals scored in the first
half hour of the match lens that evolves on
most of its holders the
central hinge yahia kantari is
not there the lord chavarria and el geneina
where they are also injured but that
does not prevent lens from returning to the score
it's been twice in this part
in half time 2 goals everywhere
lens that is strong outside
second best teams of the
championship far from its bases with already
six wins for four draws and
only 4 defeats
but nîmes managed a great return from
cloakroom with the purpose of the head of
roman sartre
this is his second goal of the season and
the 53rd minute
the crocos Nîmes still leads to score 3
goals to 2 it's unbelievable while
the ounce remains on two victories without
have cashed the least goal
the northerners are in trouble and
try to come back with this new
superb raises the ball is deflected and
ludovic baal scores his first goal of
the season in the 57th minute sivu scored
in the match before the hour of play 3
goals everywhere
the Lensois were led three times
score at the costières stage and had
the merit of coming back three times
they will not succeed in marking the
fourth goal nîmois no
more exceptional meeting that will
finish on a score of 3 goals everywhere